---
title: Your Job as a SWE 1
tags:
toc: false
date: 2022-1-19
---

If you're an early-career engineer (SWE 1, <2 YOE), the most important thing you can do is learn.

You're hired for your potential, and it's your job to increase that potential as quickly as possible.

Great teams will explicitly acknowledge this and work with you to maximize your growth. But most teams will assign you projects and leave the rest up to you.

And it's tempting to get caught up in the projects. Hit the next deadline. And then the next one. There's inherent learning from each project, but it levels out over time. And eventually most of the work becomes execution.

But you may notice something else out there. The foggy places where your knowledge stops. The coworker who seems to have all the answers and can solve any problem. The technology you depend on that seems like magic.

The world of software, and your work, is much greater than your current experience of it. But the only way to find that out for yourself is to intentionally expand your horizons.

Read the manual, dig into the details, explore your genuine technical interests. Go beyond what is immediately necessary to hit the next deadline.

You may be 20% slower in the short term, but you'll be much faster in the medium term.

And it gets even better in the long term. You'll start to be able to fix problems that no one else knew existed. You'll develop more confidence. You'll be assigned more valuable and interesting projects. And most important of all, you'll have more fun along the way!
